[Docs] Added link for discussion forum (#8955)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-docs.md

- Use docs here [Jekyll installation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/macos/)

> **Note:** In case of any installation issues, use the [discussion forum](https://discuss.layer5.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** In case of any installation issues, use the [discussion forum](http://discuss.meshery.io).
```
